NMS-11810: Database Reports documentation (#4663)
OpenNMS/opennms: docs/modules/operation/pages/database-reports/templates/interface-avail.adoc

[[interface-avail-report]]
= Interface Availability Report

> === Report Contents

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Report Contents
```

> This report shows interface availability for interfaces with outages within the time range.  It is a multipage report that provides the following availability data for all router interfaces by IP address over the user-specified date range:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This report shows interface availability for interfaces with outages within the time range.
It is a multipage report that provides the following availability data for all router interfaces by IP address over the user-specified date range:
```

[[interface-avail-report]]
= Interface Availability Report

> == Report Contents

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

```

This report shows interface availability for interfaces with outages within the time range.
It is a multipage report that provides the following availability data for all router interfaces by IP address over the user-specified date range:

> * Number of Outages

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Number of outages
```

> * Mean Time To Restore ("MTTR") (in hours)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Mean time to restore ("MTTR") (in hours)
```

Author: Same as before.

> * Length of Time for Each Outage (in hours)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Length of time for each outage (in hours)
```

> * Percent Outage (per unit in category)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Percent outage (per unit in category)
```

> * Percent Availability (per unit in category)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Percent availability (per unit in category)
```

//QUESTION: Need to validate explanation of the last two, in the summary chart at the end, are these averages over the entire period or per day?

> This report can be customized with a company logo in both the header and footer that is approximately 195px by 50px.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can customize this report with a company logo (approximately 195px by 50px)in both the header and footer.
```

//ToDo: change company logo file in ../report-templates/assets/images to OpenNMS current logo

== Parameters

[options="header, autowidth"]
[cols="1,2,3,4"]

|===
| Field
| Type
| Description
| Default

| Report Time Range in Days
| Integer
| The range in days from the report start date.
| 7

| Availability Warning
| Double
| Percent availability that triggers a warning.
| 98

| Availability Critical
| Double
| Availability percentage at which status is considered critical.
| 97

| Start Date
| Date
| Start date for the report.
| Today - 7 days

// Hidden Parameters
//| Node ID
//| Integer
//| \**Not sure what this means - it is in the subreport**
//| 3
//Need to find out what this means.  Is the node a group of interfaces?

//| Node Label
//| String
//| Name for the node that will appear at the top of the table of data by IP address.
//| nodelabel
// End Hidden Parameters

| Report Format
| Choice
| Dropdown menu with a choice of PDF or CSV
| PDF

| Deliver the Report
| Checkbox

> | Check the box to deliver the report via email upon report creation

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| Check the box to deliver the report via email upon report creation.
```

| Unchecked

| Schedule the Report
| Checkbox

> | Check this box to create a schedule for the report

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| Check this box to create a schedule for the report.
```
